#MVVM-Sidekick View Model (not finished)

##1.View Model Types

###1.1. BindableBase

BindableBase(MVVMSidekick.ViewModels.BindableBase) is is a common base class of Data Models.

####1.1.1 Decalration:
	
In class file, type `vmcls` +`[Tab]`+`[Tab]` Choose `Data model` and `[Tab]` again. Code below will be generated.

``` csharp

    //[DataContract(IsReference=true) ] //if you want
    public class SomeBindable : BindableBase<SomeBindable>
    {
        public SomeBindable()
        {
            // Use propery to init value here:
            if (IsInDesignMode)
            {
                //Add design time demo data init here. These will not execute in runtime.
            }

        }
        //Use propvm + tab +tab  to create a new property of bindable here:

    }   

```

*You can modify class name when the snippet highlight is still active and `[Tab]` again.*
	
*In these lines you can see a condition `IsInDesignMode` is involved. If `IsInDesignMode` is true, you can add some sample data / place holder  into properties. You can use this condition to make sure events and subscriptions will not work in designers. **This can protect your IDE from unhandled-exception-shutdown.***


####1.1.2 Add a property 

 	In this class,  type `propvm` +`[Tab]` +`[Tab]` Lines below will be generated.

``` csharp

        public int MyProperty
        {
            get { return _MyPropertyLocator(this).Value; }
            set { _MyPropertyLocator(this).SetValueAndTryNotify(value); }
        }
        #region Property int MyProperty Setup
        protected Property<int> _MyProperty = new Property<int> { LocatorFunc = _MyPropertyLocator };
        static Func<BindableBase, ValueContainer<int>> _MyPropertyLocator = RegisterContainerLocator<int>("MyProperty", model => model.Initialize("MyProperty", ref model._MyProperty, ref _MyPropertyLocator, _MyPropertyDefaultValueFactory));
        static Func<int> _MyPropertyDefaultValueFactory = null;
        #endregion      
	
```

*You can modify property type and property name when the snippet highlight is still active and `[Tab]` again.*







####1.1.3 Best practice

- Bindable base is usually for data model. 
- It usually need to be serialized or be deserialized, so please don't wire any property change observable in this class's constructor. 
- If your want to subscribe some property, please do it in the View Model and make sure the subscription disposable object is *disposed with* the View Model. (see [DisposeWith() extension method](#disposewith) part)
- Add commands in a data model is not prohibited but this usually cause confusing. Commands are more UI related but in several advance cases you might need commands in data model, like context menu models, but this is not good when you are not sure about what you are doing in most cases.


###1.2. ViewModelBase

`ViewModelBase` inherits `BindableBase` and it is usually been directly binded to a `FrameworkElement`. In that case commands are recommended to place here.

`ViewModelBase` has more member such like `IsUIBusy` for UI state control, and it has a method `WaitForClose()` that returns a task which will not start until the view is closed. The task can be awaited or continued with other task and logic, so a work flow among views is possible.

#### 1.2.1 Add a Command


#### 1.2.2 Navigarion


#### 1.2.3 Close View

 



##2. Life Cycle 

###2.1 Bind to View

###2.2 Loading with View

###2.3 Disposing with/without View